{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;
\f3\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial-BoldMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl404\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 # File List:
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl404\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 * CAN_ETFs.csv - List of Canadian ETFs used for our algorithm
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 * USA_ETFs.csv - List of American ETFs used for our algorithm\'a0
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 * Currency_Spot.xlsx - List of Currencies and their spot prices used
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 * Portfolio_Construction.ipynb - Using the input data to construct our portfolios, contains some risk mgt
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 * data_preprocessing.py - Scrapes the data using the tickers from the ETF .csv files from Yahoo finance, calculates the % returns, and returns a .csv of each asset\'92s return stream
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 * returns.csv/.xlsx - Output from data_preprocessing
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 * vol_data.csv - Volatility prices database of 8 currencies, EURUSD, USDCAD, USDMXN, USDBRL, USDZAR, USDRUB, USDCNY, USDJPY. The quotes used are spot price, forward points, At-the-money vol, risk reversal and butterflies with maturities 1w, 1m and 3m. With these inputs we can calibrate a vol surface for each currency.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 *FX_Volatility.py - This script has all the functions necessary to calculate the P&L of an options strategy. It works creating 3 objects, the option (prices and sensitivities), the volatility surface and the P&L of any options strategy. We are considering 4 possible strategies:
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl404\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	1.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Put spread delta 30-20\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	2.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Put spread delta 40-30\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	3.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Call Spread 40-30\'a0\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	4.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Call Spread 30-20\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl404\partightenfactor0
\cf2 The code is calibrating a volatility surface for each day, using a parabolic interpolation on the volatility smile. First, we calculate the vol surface using a moneyness approach and then we change it to strike-tenor and calibrate it. We are using a bilinear interpolation in the final surface to get the volatility of a given strike or a given delta.\'a0\
\

\f2\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 * Portfolio Optimization.py\
	* Using factor models (Linear and LASSO) to predict expected return and covariance matrix \
	* Using optimization models (Minimum Variance Optimization (MVO), robust MVO, Risk Parity, CVaR optimization) to predict the optimal weights.
\f1 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl404\partightenfactor0

\f3\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 ## PnL calculation function:
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl404\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 * portfolio_testing.py
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl404\partightenfactor0

\f3\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 	*Function:
\f1\b0\fs24 \

\f3\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0calc_mv(initial, weights, price): 
\f0\b0 \'a0Function to calculate P&L, assuming that its possible to buy fractions of shares.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl404\partightenfactor0

\f3\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 ## Risk management and analytics function:
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl404\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 * Risk_analytics.py
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl404\partightenfactor0

\f3\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 	* Class risk
\f0\b0 :\'a0 the class aimed to generate various risk analytic metrics for the portfolios.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \

\f3\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 	* VaR_CVaR_MC(self,numTrials,alpha)
\f0\b0 : \'a0 Calculate the VaR&CVaR through standard Monte Carlo simulation, assuming the underlying ETF list follows a multi-normal distribution.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl404\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 	* 
\f3\b hist_var(self,alpha): 
\f0\b0 Calculate the VaR&CVaR through historical approach.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 	* 
\f3\b plot_VaR(self,trail): 
\f0\b0 \'a0Plot the VaR & CVaR curve by both two methods, under different quantiles.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 	* 
\f3\b max_drawdown(self)
\f0\b0 : 
\f3\b \'a0
\f0\b0 Calculate the maximum_drawdown ratio of a given period.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 	* 
\f3\b sharpe_ratio(self,rf)
\f0\b0 : Calculate the sharpe-ratio of a given period.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl404\partightenfactor0

\f3\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 	* Class scneraio_anlysis: 
\f0\b0 \'a0the class aimed to generate stress testing scenarios for the portfolios.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \

\f3\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 	* all_crash(self):
\f0\b0  the scenario that the market has 2% probability to crash together in a day.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl404\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 	* 
\f3\b Random_crash(self): 
\f0\b0 \'a0the scenario that each ETF in the portfolio has 5% probability to crash in a day.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 	* 
\f3\b mv_crash(self,lag,correlation): 
\f0\b0 the scenario that given the info of the lagging period, the market has more probability to crash.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0\'a0
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0\'a0
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\
\
}